git add a.txt

What is Power BI?
Power BI is a business analytics tool from Microsoft that helps you visualize data,
 create interactive reports and dashboards, and share insights across an organization 
 or with external stakeholders. It allows users to connect to multiple data sources, 
 transform raw data into meaningful insights, and make data-driven decisions.

Types of Visualizations in Power BI:
Cards: Display single values like Total Sales, Profit, etc.
Charts: Bar charts, line charts, pie charts, etc. for analyzing trends and comparisons.
Tables: Display detailed records.
Maps: For geospatial data to show data points on a map.
KPIs: Key Performance Indicators to track business metrics.

Steps to Create a Power BI Report:
Connect to Data: Import or connect to a data source.
Transform Data: Clean and shape the data using Power Query.
Create Relationships: Define relationships between tables in your dataset.
Build Visuals: Drag and drop fields into visualizations (charts, tables, etc.).
Publish: Share the reports to Power BI Service to collaborate and share insights.

Types of "Views" in Power BI:
Report View: Where you design and create the report with visuals.
Data View: A tabular view of your dataset.
Model View: Where you can define relationships between tables and manage the data model.
Dashboard View: In Power BI Service, where you can see multiple tiles summarizing different reports and metrics.
=======

summary of the steps to create a Power BI dashboard analyzing Accenture's stock data:

1. Data Preparation:
Ensure the dataset includes columns: Date, Open, High, Low, Close, Volume.
Add columns for Quarter, Day, and Year based on the Date column.

2. Loading Data into Power BI:
Import and transform the data in Power BI, ensuring correct data types for each column.
Extract new columns for Quarter, Day, and Year from the Date.

3. Designing the Dashboard:
Accenture Logo: Add branding to the report.
Card Visuals: Display key metrics (Opening Price, Closing Price, High Price, Low Price).
Bar Charts: Visualize yearly market summary and high/low prices.
Line Charts: Create multiple charts to show daily, monthly, quarterly, and yearly price analysis.
Table Format: Display sums of prices grouped by periods (Year or Quarter).

4. Understanding Stock Terms:
Stock: Represents ownership in a company.
Open/High/Low/Close Price: Different price points during a stock's trading session.
Quarter: Three-month period used for financial reporting.

5. Purpose of Visualizations:
Card Visuals: Quick snapshot of stock performance.
Bar Charts: Compare prices over time.
Line Charts: Show trends over different time frames.
Table Format: Detailed data for deeper analysis.

